Day six of running seven marathons on
all seven continents. We just landed in
Colombia. It's midnight and our next
race starts at 3:00 a.m. And the reason
our race is starting at 3:00 a.m. is
because Cartagena is so hot. So, we're
trying to get in as many miles as we can
before the sun comes up and it gets
super hot outside. So, the faster I run
now, the less I will have to run when
it's 32° C.
>> Sun's rising.
It's going to get hot soon.
>> And to make matters worse,
>> this morning started off in a total
disaster. When I woke up on day six of
this challenge,
I had my period. So, I am running a
marathon on my period today,
which I've never done before. And safe
to say it's kicking my ass. This
marathon specifically is really tough
because the way I've gotten through the
others was by finding a friend to run
with to distract me. However, so far, no
one is running at my pace. So, I'm
having to work through this alone, which
is probably why I cried through 70% of
this marathon. That and uh probably also
my period.
>> Last mile.
Running an entire marathon
on my period. I did not want this to be
the case,
but it was.
I still made it happen because women
can do amazing things.
And just like that, we're boarding the
flight to marathon number seven, Miami.
Let's go!
There it is. Oh my god.
>> Follow to see how the final marathon
goes.